All right.
So there's one thing I'd still like to do in our main NAF component that we started in the previous
section but did not finish, and that is the replacement of our hyperlinks with our router links.
We did that for our primary company name right here, but we still have a bunch of hyperlinks for the
main nav navigation.
I am of course referring to these items right here.
These are still regular hyperlinks with the anchor tag and we need to replace these with rulings.
Now, granted, we don't actually have any pages or views yet built out except for this jobs one.
So for these other ones, we're simply going to make them link back to our home page.
Obviously, the intent here is as you build these pages out, you can add new routes and then route
these respective ones to the correct pages.
For now, we don't have those pages built out, so we're just going to link them to the homepage so
that every link here or every a or link to be more specific, still works.
So if I go back to this code, you'll notice the way that we are generating that list of hyperlinks
is using the V4 directive.
We talked about this earlier in the course.
This is what allows us to iterate over an iterable such as an array and create an HTML element for every
item in that array.
So if I scroll down, we'll find the menu items, data, property, and that is an array of six strings.
So we are iterating over that array of six strings and creating an ally for each one.
And within each of those ally each list item we are rendering our anchor time.
So in order to replace this anchor tag with a router link, we're actually going to need to details.
We're going to need the text that we're going to display so we can keep the original string that we
have from our array.
But we also need to specify the destination, the path or the route.
So we're going to need to store that in a more complex data structure because a single string is not
going to be enough.
So what I propose we do is change menu items to an array of objects and every object.
We're going to specify the text as well as the URL that that text should link to.
So let me show you an example right here.
I'll create my first object and I'll create a text property and I will have my old text of teams and
then I'll add a URL property and that will specify the path that I want that text to link to.
So again, we're just creating a bunch of data here that we can use in our template, in our HTML,
and we're still going to use the V for directive.
We're just going to customize it to use the router link component.
So as I mentioned, all of our menu items with the exception of jobs at the end is going to link to
the root root, the slash root.
So here's what the first example is going to look like.
And I'm going to do something very similar for the next couple of strings.
So I'm going to create another object in this array.
It's going to have a text property set to locations and a URL property set to the slash, which is the
route that I want that link to take us to.
Then similar thing on the next line our text will be Life at Bobo.
Our URL will be the root route at Slash.
Then I'm going to have an object with a text of how we hire.
The URL is going to be the root.
Root.
Then I'm going to have my final object here with a text of students and a URL of.
A forward slash.
And then finally, for the last one, we can actually do it the proper way or the better way.
We're still going to have a tax property set to jobs, but our URL here is going to be the one that
links to the results page, which is slash jobs, slash results.
As a reminder, we configured that in our router index file.
So now we have a menu items, array of objects.
Each of those objects has two properties.
So I'm going to scroll back up to where we are iterating over that array.
Here it is.
And here we are, iterating over each menu item in menu items.
This is still a valid syntax, but now we have to remember that menu item is no longer a string.
It is now a JavaScript object.
You may recall as well that earlier in the course we used this v bind syntax with the key attribute
and this is a requirement whenever we are using the V for directive in view.
And what Vue needs from us is a unique identifier for that iteration, so it can tell the different
iterator elements apart.
So to put it more simply, we need some kind of unique identifier here.
And an object is kind of a complex thing to use as a unique identifier.
It's much better to use a string or a number, etc. So within our menu item object, we have a text
property and we have a URL property.
The URL is not unique because multiple links will go to the root route, but our text property is unique
because the text property always has a unique string right here.
So what I'm going to provide for my key is going to be the text property on my menu item object that
I'm iterating over.
All right.
So menu item dot text.
Similarly, right here we are rendering our hyperlink.
Well, we no longer have that.
We're now going to have our router link right here and make sure to change the closing tag here as well.
So slash router link.
All right.
Our text that we're going to display can no longer be a menu item because menu item is not a string
anymore.
It is an object.
We want to once again access the text property on that object because that is what we want to display
as the clickable text.
And then as a reminder, our router link component from the View Router Library does not have an address
attribute.
It has instead a two prop.
Right.
And we want to provide that to prop the URL property of our menu item object.
So menu item is our object that we are iterating over.
It has a URL property and that's where we want to link to.
Keep in mind, however, this is a dynamic reference to a data property and if it's not a string, we
know the drill by now.
We have to make sure that we use the v bind syntax.
Otherwise view will think that we are providing a literal string of menu item dot URL when this is a
dynamic reference to a property on an object.
So to use the vine syntax, we put the colon right here, save that and this should get us to where
we want to go.
Dynamic reference to the URL.
Dynamic reference to the text that is the text property of the current object that we are iterating
over.
We're going to iterate over all six objects in our menu items data array using the V for loop and generate
six router links on the main menu.
So if I head back to my browser now, we should be able to click jobs and that will take us to the job
results view and then we should be able to click Bubble Careers and that is our icon that will take
us to the home page.
And similarly, any of these router links should also take us back to the home page because we all gave
them that slash root root.
So it looks like things are working just fine.
Again, I apologize that we don't have the teams and locations and life and bubble pages built out.
But of course in the real world, in a typical app like this, Google has probably dozens of view developers
working on this so they can get a lot more pages done quickly.
So for us, we're just going to link back to the home page and Jobs is working as it should.
Okay.
So that cleans up our main menu and we can proceed from there.